Let's have a three-minute relationship now.
OK
What's the matter? Do you want to go to the hospital?
I'm pregnant.
Great boss
This time
I will grow up with you with his little brother
Little brother, you will have a sister in the future. Gao is happy.
Happy happy
A talented person must have a sister
Miss Zhao Yi
Do you want Zhou Huaijin to be your husband?
Regardless of birth, old age, illness and death
poor rich
Would you like wow
Mom is so beautiful
Mr. Zhou Huaijin
Are you willing to marry Jiang Wanyi?
Rich or richer
Healthy or healthier?
Do you want to be with him forever?
Zhou Huaijin, I will hand over Wanyi to you
Zhou Huaijin
I'm here to marry you again
ever
Thank you for coming back to me
Bride Jiang Wanyi
Would you like Zhou Huaijin to be your husband?
No matter whether you are born, old, sick or dead, you will never give up
Love him forever
I would.
Groom Zhu Huaijin
Would you like Jiang Wanyi to be your wife?
Regardless of birth, old age, illness and death
Never give up
Love him forever
I would.
Groom, you may now kiss your bride
In every love story
There will be a hundred moments of giving up
There are a hundred moments when I want to give up
There are a hundred stinging moments
There are a hundred moments when I can't help crying
But it's not worth tens of thousands of times
Time to hug each other